# Rural_Development_Study_No1
A personal study using government records on if there is any collation between the depopulation of rural counties, and what kind of economic activity that economy engages with. All data was retrived form data.gov. My origonal hypothesis was that those involved in mining and manufacturing would have the strongest losses, due to it being big political talking points of our age.
The results showed that at 12% and 26%, respectively, that manufacturing and mining have some small but significant population loss. However, recreation based econonomies only had a population loss 3% of the time, showing that they were some of the strongest in maintianing population by a significant margin. However, 56% of counties with an agrarian economy suffered population loss, indicating these were the counties hardest-hit by population loss.
What is worth noting is two more hypotheses: That while farmers can often be quite wealthy, and while they also tend to not have college degrees, they control the means of their own increasingly automated production. This reduces the labor required at a rapid pace. On the other hand, a town based in mining or manufacturing tends to have higher rates of education, due to the need for engineers and craftsmen with Bachelor's and associate's degrees, respectively, tend to be better educated then farming counties, but also tend to be poorer due to the population as whole being poorer due largely to wealth inequality. Yet, this also means better opurtonity for social mobility through education. Further tests with poverty rates and education levels can confirm or deny these hypotheses.